1) Why index starts with Zer0?
      Base address of an array + (index value X Size of datatype())

2) WORA - why?
   byte code(.class file) can run any machine which has JVM

3)Class Loader Works
    it load the byte code into JVM

ClassLoader in Java is a class that is used to load class files in Java. 
Java code is compiled into a class file by javac compiler and JVM executes the Java program, 
by executing byte codes written in the class file. ClassLoader is responsible for loading class 
files from file systems, networks, or any other source.


4)main is a keyword or not
    it is an identifier, JVM search 

It is the name of the Java main method. 
It is the identifier that the JVM looks for as the 
starting point of the java program. It's not a keyword.

5)can we write public void static?
   no, bcoz method should has return type.

6)what is local variable's default value?
Compile time error--- may not been intialized(RunTime)

No, local variables do not have default values. 
Once we create a local variable we must initialize it before using it.

8)Public static void Main(int[] args){} ---Run time error 
no main method is found (Main)



1)Method can't have duplicate copy of an other method
2)complier error--error that voliating grammer of the lang
3)Java is case sensitive
4)Main method can overloaded but not an good practice
4)Method overloaded - same method with different parameters list
5)Main method is not found--runtime error
6)Main method must be static,public
7)Return type of the main method must be void
8)Parameters of the main method must be an string array
9)Identifier -- names that identify various elements
  -- must starts with a letter or an underscore or dollar
symbol
  -- from the second character, identifiers can have any
combinations of letter or digits or dollar symbol
  -- Keywords Cannot be used as an identifier
  -- No other special symbols are allowed except
underscore and dollar 
  -- should follow camelCase
10)The type of any fractional(decimal no)numbers  
is double by default 
11)Java is strongly typed language(float value can stored
only in float datatype)
12)Python or JS weakly/Loosely typed language
13)Possible loss of position error(Type casting)
14)Instance Variable -If not initialized,it will assign default
value(Inside class outside the method) can accessible by
any of the methods defined inside the class
15)Constructor doesn't have any return type
16)Normal method can share class name but not an good
practice
17)method will get exectued only if called
18)(byte code makes)Java is platform independent
19)Byte code to specific platform (JVM)Interperter which
is platform dependent
20)Object oriented 3Principles: inhertiance,polymorpism &
encapsulation. Without class&object we can't write javaPrgm
Java is purly OOPS.C++ is partially OOPS
21)Java doesn't supports Pointers & operator overloading
22)Java implicty allocates its memory by JVM 
reference of an address--reference variable
23)+,&,! --> Some operators implicty overloaded explicty none of an
opertors can overload.
24)Length is an attribute for an array. Length is an
method for an string
25)


